In the last lecture we registered our controls and we made our form submittal.
So that is what we did.
And we can still use that form.
Now I want to add validation.
For example the name should be required.
This must not be empty.
And the same for our number.
Now it should be a number and due to the fact that this input is of type number it should already be
hard to enter anything else.
So with days we now added some validation.
Now to take advantage of this I want to disable the Add button if the form is invalid.
So will bind to disabled your and will disable it if form is not available.
If this is true.
So if this check here is true and this will be true if the form is not valid.
So let's save this.
And this looks good.
I can click to add button.
Now let's try again.
Let's add something into amount.
This works of course a negative amount works too though.
So an easy way of making sure that we may only enter numbers greater than zero is to use a number built
in validator.
The pattern validator does will check the user input against a regular expression.
Now the regular expression achieving what we are looking for would be the following one which needs
to be pasted between single quotation marks.
So as a string it's this one since it's a string we can also omit is singing quotation marks and omit
the square brackets to use the shortcut of using property binding when binding to a string where we
don't have to use the square brackets.
So what this will basically do this regular expression it will allow any number greater than zero.
So we can see this in actually if we now safe to us and go back to the application.
If I add bread and one does this valid minus one doesn't work minus 10 doesn't work minus Seirawan doesn't
work plus 0 1 doesn't work 10 does work and 0 does not work.
So it does exactly what I wanted to do.
So now we added validation to this input field.
Now let's make sure that once we click one of the existing items we actually load dead items so that
we can edit it